There's a special type of method we can add to a class called a constructor.
If we had a method like this called construct prefixed with two underscored characters this method is
kalid.
Whenever we create a new object of this class let's try this out by printing out a simple message inside
this method and then when we create a new object in the other script with the new key word this method
will be kalid.
And when we run this code we see the message coming from the constructor.
You can use the constructor method far whatever you like but it's commonly used to initialize properties.
As with any function we can pass data into it using arguments.
So let's add a couple of arguments to the constructor for the name and description and then inside the
body of the method will assign the value of these to the corresponding properties as we saw previously.
We can access the current object inside a method using the this variable so we can assign the values
of the arguments to the object's properties like this.
When we create a new object of this class with the new keyword the brackets following the class name
are where we put the values you want to pass to the constructor.
So let's pass in some values for each of these two arguments and then let's just dump out the entire
object variable like that.
When we run this code we see the name and description properties have been set to the values we passed
to the constructor method.
Adding a constructor to a class is optional but if you do add one it has to have this name.
As with any function you can add as many arguments as you like and make some of them optional.
If you need to you can place the constructor method wherever you like but it's common to put it before
any other methods.